README.md, before:

# Physics Simulation in Rust

This program is an n-body simulation of the main bodies of our solar system, using Cowell's formula to calculate the bodies's orbital state vectors.

## Compiling
Compiling is done using the `cargo build` command

`cargo build`

For performance related reasons, it is recommend to build the program in release mode

`cargo build -r`

## Running

To run the program, ensure that the `Sol.Json` file is located in the same folder as the program's executable.

## Modifying Sol.Json

The bodies included in the default JSON can be replaced by any other orbital data, the JSON follows the following Format:

```
{
  "Info" //General info about the system itself
    {
      "name" : //Name of System
      "date" : //Currently unused, used to track the beginning date of the simulation
    }
    "Bodies" //Contains data about the orbital bodies to be simulated
    [
      { //Example of an Orbital Body
        "name": "Sol", // Name of orbital object
        "radius": 696342000, //radius of object (meters - m)
        "mass": 1988500e+24, // mass (kg)
        "location": [ -1.068108951496322e+09, -4.177210908491462E+08, 3.086887010002915E+07 ], // Position in the x,y,z axis respectively (meters)
        "velocity": [ 9.305302656256911E+00, -1.283177282717393E+01, -1.631700118015769E-01 ] // Ditto, but for velocity (meters/second)
      }
    ]


}

```

Commit message:

Can load JSON from command line argument

README.md, after:

# Physics Simulation in Rust

This program is an n-body simulation of the main bodies of our solar system, using Cowell's formula to calculate the bodies's orbital state vectors.

## Compiling
Compiling is done using the `cargo build` command

`cargo build`

For performance related reasons, it is recommend to build the program in release mode

`cargo build -r`

## Running

To run the program, ensure that the `Sol_Full.json` file is located in the same folder as the program's executable.

If you want to use another JSON file instead, place it in the same folder as the executable and pass its filename(extension included) as a command line argument to the executable

`physicssim_rust.exe Example.json`


## Modifying Sol_Full.json or using your own

The bodies included in the default JSON can be replaced by any other orbital data, the JSON follows the following Format:

```
{
  "Info" //General info about the system itself
    {
      "name" : //Name of System
      "date" : //Currently unused, used to track the beginning date of the simulation
    }
    "Bodies" //Contains data about the orbital bodies to be simulated
    [
      { //Example of an Orbital Body
        "name": "Sol", // Name of orbital object
        "radius": 696342000, //radius of object (meters - m)
        "mass": 1988500e+24, // mass (kg)
        "location": [ -1.068108951496322e+09, -4.177210908491462E+08, 3.086887010002915E+07 ], // Position in the x,y,z axis respectively (meters)
        "velocity": [ 9.305302656256911E+00, -1.283177282717393E+01, -1.631700118015769E-01 ] // Ditto, but for velocity (meters/second)
      }
    ]


}

```
